Update to link to community standards and add a note about AI (#232553)
elastic/kibana: docs/extend/contributing.md

    * `release_note:breaking` — Breaking changes that weren’t present in previous releases.
    * `release_note:skip` — Changes that should not appear in the Release Notes. For example, docs, build, and test fixes, or unreleased issues that are only in `main`.

> ### Note on contributing AI-enabled code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Note on contributing AI-authored code
```

Reviewer: ah that's a fair point. I read "AI-enabled code" as "code that somehow adds/uses AI features"... but I think the description below helps to disambiguate so it's fine either way. or alternatively could do something like `Note on contributing code written with the assistance of AI`

> We are excited that you are interested in contributing to the codebase and while you are welcome to use any process that works for you, the resulting PR is your contribution and we assume you have reviewed and tested the code and are confident in the changes you are proposing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited that you are interested in contributing to Kibana! While you are welcome to use any development process that works for you, the resulting PR is fully your contribution. By opening a PR, we assume you have reviewed and tested all of the code and are confident in the changes you are proposing.
```
